Generalizes actors and adds codepaces (#9)
wasp-lang/wasp-bot: README.md

- Acting as a Discord bot for our Discord community.
- Sending Wasp analytics reports.

## Development

### Prerequisites

> Copy env.example to .env and fill it with your PostHog API key and Discord bot token. If you are only running `analytics.js` you can leave the Discord token empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy env.example to .env and fill it with your PostHog API key and Discord bot.
Both are needed to run bot locally, but only PostHog API key is needed to run just analytics locally.
```

### Running

When developing, run server locally with `node src/bot.js`. This will actually connect it to the Discord server, so it will affect the production.

> Deployed instance of server is running on Heroku. Whatever you push to `production` branch automatically gets re-deployed to Heroku.

Reviewer: I would this under special header called ### Deploying

> Run `npm run testAnalytics` to run analytics manually and get the report in the CLI.

Reviewer: I would move this right under instructions on how to run bot locally.

- Acting as a Discord bot for our Discord community.
- Sending Wasp analytics reports.

## Development

### Prerequisites

Copy env.example to .env and fill it with your PostHog API key and Discord bot token.

> Both are needed to run bot locally, but only PostHog API key is needed to run just analytics locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both are needed to run bot locally, but only PostHog API key is needed to run just analytics locally.

```
